README.md, before:

# Ajio Frontend

## Description
This is the frontend application for Ajio, an e-commerce platform. It provides a rich user interface for browsing products, managing wishlists, adding items to the cart, and handling user authentication and orders.

## Features
- User Authentication (Login, Signup, Profile Management)
- Product Browsing and Search
- Product Details Page
- Wishlist Functionality
- Shopping Cart
- Order Management
- Responsive Design (Mobile and Desktop)
- Category-based Navigation

## Installation

To set up the frontend locally, follow these steps:

1.  **Navigate to the client directory:**
    ```bash
    cd client
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
    or if you use yarn:
    ```bash
    yarn install
    ```

## Usage

To run the frontend application in development mode:

```bash
npm run dev
```
or if you use yarn:
```bash
yarn dev
```

This will start the development server, usually accessible at `http://localhost:5173`.

## Technologies Used
- React
- TypeScript
- Vite
- Redux Toolkit (for state management)
- React Router DOM (for navigation)
- Tailwind CSS (for styling)
- Shadcn/ui (for UI components)
- Axios (for API requests)
- Lucide React (for icons)
- Sonner (for toasts)
- Fuzzy.js (for fuzzy search)

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to open issues or submit pull requests.

## License
[Specify your license here, e.g., MIT License]

Commit message:

added backend url to .md file

README.md, after:

# Ajio Frontend

## Description
This is the frontend application for Ajio, an e-commerce platform. It provides a rich user interface for browsing products, managing wishlists, adding items to the cart, and handling user authentication and orders. The backend repository for this project can be found at: https://github.com/Gopendranath/Ajio-backend

## Features
- User Authentication (Login, Signup, Profile Management)
- Product Browsing and Search
- Product Details Page
- Wishlist Functionality
- Shopping Cart
- Order Management
- Responsive Design (Mobile and Desktop)
- Category-based Navigation

## Installation

To set up the frontend locally, follow these steps:

1.  **Navigate to the client directory:**
    ```bash
    cd client
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
    or if you use yarn:
    ```bash
    yarn install
    ```

## Usage

To run the frontend application in development mode:

```bash
npm run dev
```
or if you use yarn:
```bash
yarn dev
```

This will start the development server, usually accessible at `http://localhost:5173`.

## Technologies Used
- React
- TypeScript
- Vite
- Redux Toolkit (for state management)
- React Router DOM (for navigation)
- Tailwind CSS (for styling)
- Shadcn/ui (for UI components)
- Axios (for API requests)
- Lucide React (for icons)
- Sonner (for toasts)
- Fuzzy.js (for fuzzy search)

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to open issues or submit pull requests.

## License
[Specify your license here, e.g., MIT License]
